hello guys what's happening my name is
Simon and this the Gran Turismo 5 and
this is the kart racing game that you
can do it there's like special events
and this is the Kart beginner series I'm
guessing there's beginner intermediate
and expert I unfortunately haven't got
that far into this game and I'm just
enjoying at the moment
buying some cars so um this is both the
first kart race and the second kart race
that you can do in the beginner series
and the car that I've actually recently
bought is the Renault Clio v6 for which
what is probably one of my favorite cars
if I had the thing is that you've got to
think realistically and realistically I
think I will maybe own a Renault Clio v6
bought some time in my life and so I
think to myself so I think I sort of
face having a favourite car on sort of
financial situations and stuff like that
you know not somebody that's going to go
yeah man I love the lamb belly
Lamborghini Gallardo that is the car for
me
realistically I'm never going to own one
of them I could probably own one if I
won it from somewhere but I'm never
going to ever be able to afford one so
it's actually technically maybe if I won
the lottery I'd be able to afford on so
I might be able to afford it at some
point but realistically yeah
so yeah I've bought the v6 Sport and I
tuned it up and that car goes
acceleration is a little bad but once it
hits top speed it just out classes and
most of the events that I'm doing at the
moment and this is another thing I was
going to talk about was that the AI and
it seems if you find a really good car
that you can intervention to and the IOA
tends to be a little bit easier you find
it a lot easier
no my some people have commented on my
last video and they did say once you get
into the ex
and the province then the guy gets a lot
better but the thing is about Gran
Turismo is it's always been a race
driving simulator it's not been a racing
simulator and you thought this
simulation or driving it it sort of kV
when you were like like 13 years old the
aspect of like yeah I'm actually a good
driver and I never realized that um you
should have had this dream that you
could drive any car and stuff like that
but it's not really a technically a
racing simulator and I just crashed hell
yeah
this is how the pros do it guys in case
you don't know you've got a like if
you're in the relay you've got a crash
and then take them all over again
because you know you've got to show
everybody out there how good you are at
this game and so yeah I mean I
completely understand that oh wow really
did I have to do that did I have the
restart should I leave it in there or
should I start a video again and edit it
out all right so I'm gonna leave it in I
was a contemplating whether to just
restart but I didn't actually realize
that it was in there but oddly I'll
leave it in there for you guys because
you can see you know that I sometimes
have to restart races because I'm you
know just getting used to a game or
something like that so I hope you enjoy
the realism because I bet you guys
restart every now and again I see how
many times do you restart I bet I bet
there's quite a few out there that like
get frustrated at the game so much and
you're like yeah you I'm gonna break my
control over this game and you throw it
against the wall and then you've got I
don't know ask your parents for another
one well I was your parents like thirty
pounds so you can go and buy another one
I don't take the people throw my
controller what happen is I just like
grit my teeth and make my face really
red and sort of liking that constipated
state and then I just calm myself down
and realize it's a video game and I need
to carry on with my life pretend it's
never happened
and that didn't happen this particular
time but you know it happens in my thing
so I lost my train of thought so anyway
the train of thought Bart was on was
that the fact that this was a driving
simulator and not necessarily a racing
simulator but if they're going to
erasing it you kind of feel that AI
needs to be you know top notch but still
I really enjoyed the game if you guys
enjoyed the fact that in the last video
I put black ops on the end of this like
a little quick gun game you know let me
know and I'll chuck another one on the
end of this but I don't know if you're
only into the sort of driving aspect and
commentary aspect so let me know and
I'll put alright saying yes to it next
time okay guys good bye